feat(feedback-spa) - List all the feedback in listing page (#107)
1-Platform/one-platform: packages/feedback/README.md

# Feedback

> This module for listing all the exisint feedback created in past by user, user can create new feedback/bug as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module lists all existing feedback created by various users across the platform. An user can submit both feedback as well as bug reports here.
```

Then add `{path: '<module-name>',loadChildren: './modules/<module-name>/<module-name>.module#<ModuleName>Module'},` to `src/app/app-routing.module.ts` within the routes array.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `npx jest` to execute the unit tests via [Jest] 

# To test a specific file execute the command

Run 'npx jest -- <file.spec>'

## Further help

> To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Author: Sure Sayak.
